do you want to reveal the secret how to overcome
adversity
be firm and believe in good
she will be like your mother and her lovely
daughters will be your sisters and where would i
nor was I will be for you safely can
it will be more convenient for you to have breakfast after us
hello yes mother is full of what mother
madam good
the plague for the girl girl
wait wait wait wait
name is
differently no matter forgive you don't
to blame
I am sure that you, too, we hope
see you and I hope
even in your little finger there is more kindness and
magnanimity than other people around
body this mother's old dress as possible
go to the ball in these old and ragged ones
rags forget about pain your place is here
my what tears are you
that's better but if the cross
and where is the little mouse
the romans
crystal and with all that
comfortable but forward to the royal ball
everything looks at you believe me everything
look at you
where is faith in good
kindness itself and kindness is
sewing flaps
I have to see her
are you looking for